generations our components 18 wheels she
blue or cool playing real
love and 18 wheels with the bank of the planet
who put here that is
Initially, the task was to deliver
budget system replacing states acoustics
with minimal let's say
interventions yes there in in this car
used components from this series
series of the very first
which manufacturers are white 2001
accordingly, we are talking about him
I'll tell you in more detail how she
acoustics series are used
patented two-layer paper
diffuser here and
which lets you hear smooth
saturated bass focus mid-tones
Neodymium magnet provides smooth and
accurate high frequency reproduction
soft framing around the diffuser
providing accurate sound transmission
pictures of component models use
liter of pure silk for crystal
exact reproduction in h
This type is used in expensive
home systems you get finished
professional high five his small
mounting depth fits practically in
any car
Well, this stick seems to be all clear
now let's see what we put there
12 with remote control series with paper cone
from 12 4d
four plus four at 300 watts
two amplifiers 1 as a 400 series . 1 and 4
100.4 respectively acoustics vienna
also here we used protective
grill from our company partners yes
forgive which
well let's listen
what
subscribe to our channel albatross